# Scenario 1 
Hi, I’m Alfredo Linguini, and I’ve been struggling with my recently developed lactose intolerance. A lot of my diet had been based on lactose, and I’d been eating linguini alfredo 2 times a day for as long as I can remember—I didn’t know what to do! I needed  to see what kind of recipe apps were on the market, but I knew I needed one with customizable diet restrictions. I also have a huge love for Italian and French food, so it would’ve been great if I could find a way to find lactose-friendly recipes in those cuisines. That’s when I decided to download Remi, and on my explore page I found delicious recipes. The great thing about it is that I can select a lactose-friendly filter, and ask Remi to show me only French and Italian related recipes. Now my stomach and brain are so much happier and my stress levels are lower, knowing that I have a handy tool to find something delicious to eat every day.

# Scenario 2
I’m Anton Ego, and I work a 10 hour shift every day as a nurse. Everyday I wake up at 6 in the morning and come back at 5 PM, which gives me very little time to prepare food for both myself and my children that is both filling and healthy. Money is tight, and I’m trying to cap my weekly spending on groceries to $100. With Remi’s recipe explore page, I can filter by the “lactose-free” and “<$20” tags to  find cheap, nutritious meals that I can cook in bulk and that will keep me energized for work (and my kids healthy and satisfied). I can also filter by “time-taken” to find meals that take less time to make, and, as a result,  have more time to rest. I can also follow my coworkers on Remi to see what recipes they use that helps them get through the long, grueling shifts.

# Scenario 3
I’m Colette Tatou,  a sophomore at UCSB and I just moved out of the dorms into my first apartment ever in Isla Vista! I never really cooked back at home, so now I need help finding fun, healthy, and easy recipes to cook in my small apartment kitchen instead of the usual college student struggle meals. As a part of Women in Computer Science, I’ve met many upperclassmen who have been living in apartments for a few years now and have much culinary expertise. On Remi, I connect with my friends and discover new college-student friendly recipes based on what they are cooking. That way, I can find easy, cheap, and quick meals and experiment! And, it’s a fun way to keep in touch with each other by sharing a small, yet important part of our daily lives – food!
